103 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsEspañolTürkçeHebrewDeutschРусскийDENIAL IS A RIVER Lyrics
Hey, I thought it was all over
What's up, Doechii?
Hey, girl
You know, it's been a lil' minute since you and I have had a chat
Has it really?
Probably since, like, your last EP, 'Oh the Places You'll Go'
Oh wow, it's been a minute, yeah (Yeah)
I've been gettin' some calls
Oh?
People are a little bit worried about you
Not worried, okay
And I know that I was kinda that outlet for you, so
You were
Why don't you just tell me what's been goin' on?
Okay

Remember old dude from 2019?
Nice, clean, nigga did me dirtier than laundry (Than laundry)
Took a scroll through his IG
Just to get a DM from his wifey (What the fuck?)
I was so confused, what should Doechii do?
She didn't know about me and I didn't know 'bout Sue
I open up the messages and had to hit the zoom
Turns out the girl was really a dude? (Goddamn)
Nigga think he slicked back 'til I slipped back
Got my lick back, turned a nigga to a knick-knack (To a knick-knack)
I moved on, dropped a couple of songs
And then I went and got signed, now it's 2021

Okay, I just feel like
This is the perfect opportunity for us to just take a second and kind of unpack what's happened to you
You know, this guy cheated on you, and—
Mm, nah (Oh), fuck it

"Platinum record" this, "viral record" that (That)
I'm makin' so much money, I'm all over the net
I'm movin' so fast, no time to process
And no, I'm not in a gang, but I'm always on set (Yeah)
Wrist watch, drip drop, label want the TikToks
Now I'm makin' TikTok music, what thee fuck?
I need a cleanse, need a detox
But we ain't got time to stop, the charts need us (And they do)
Fast forward, me, 2023
I'm stackin' lots of cheese and makin' money
My grass is really green, and—

Honestly, I can't even fucking cap no more, this is a really dark time for me
I'm going through a lot
By "a lot," you mean drugs?
Um, I wouldn't—
Drugs?
No, it's a—
No?
It's a natural plant
No, I'm not judging
I'm not an addict
I'm just saying
I don't think—
You wanna talk about it?
Uh

I mean, fuck, I like pills, I like drugs
I like gettin' money, I like strippers, I like to fuck
I like day-drinkin' and day parties and Hollywood
I like doin' Hollywood shit, snort it? Probably would
What can I say? The shit works, it feels good
And my self-worth's at an all-time low
And just when it couldn't get worse
My ex crashed my place and destroyed all I owned
Whoopsie, made a oopsie
One-hundred thousand dollar "oops" made me loopy
I ain't a killer, but don't push me
Don't wanna have to turn a nigga guts into soup beans

Woah, woah, woah, woah, woah (Rurr)
Okay, Doechii
We don't wanna revert back into our old ways (Sorry, okay)
So, we're gonna try a breathing exercise, okay? (Alright, word)
When I breathe, you breathe (Okay, okay)
Alright? Let's go
Uh-uh-uh, uh-uh-ah
Uh, uh, uh, ah
Uh, uh, uh, uh, ah
Uh, uh, uh, uh, ah, woosah