29 ContributorsWhat It Is (Block Boy) Lyrics
What it is, ho? What's up?
Every good girl needs a little thug
Every block boy needs a little love
If you put it down, I'ma pick it up, up, up

Can't you just see, it's just me and you?
Panoramic view, that's my point of view, bae
All about me, that's the energy
That's that lemon pepper thing, I'm a ten-piece, baby

Bedroom bully in the bando
He gon' make it flip, do it with no handles
Never switchin' sides, only switchin' angles
Ooh, we go crazy like Rambo

What it is, ho? (What it is?) What's up? (What's up?)
Every good girl needs a little thug (Thug)
Every block boy needs a little love (Love)
If you put it down, I'ma pick it up, up (Ayy), up (Ayy)
What it is, ho? (What it is?) What's up? (What's up?)
Every good girl needs a little thug (Thug)
Every block boy needs a little love (Love)
If you put it down, I'ma pick it up, up (Ayy), up (Ayy)

Hit 'em up, hit 'em up
In the truck, got it tucked
He get it up, like it's stuck
All night, I like
You ain't gotta say it when you know it's on site

She got everything he wanted, a nice body, ass fat
Behind every gangster, a shawty solid that got his back
He know who to come to every-time the world handlin' him bad
The one he call first, but still he always put her last (Always put her last, yeah)
I'm pourin' out this glass, my body fightin' off that gas (Off that gas, yeah)
I don't smoke opps, I kill 'em, that zaza pack kickin' my ass (Kickin' my ass, yeah)
In the studio dosin', all I can keep from falling asleep
I hate that for you niggas ain't got no bread, but trying to beef
Bein' Black in America, is the hardest thing to be (Baby, tell me, yeah)
Every thug need a lil' love too, baby, how 'bout me?
Told her, "Don't call me a stink 'cause I smell like money"
I putting down the greatest babe, hold this here for me
I took her from a nigga, we vibin', two weeks out of the country
So she had a lil' situation, but I could tell it ain't 'bout nothin'
Now me and her rappin', bitch
She say, "Don't hush me", I say, "Don't rush me"
And I can tell how much she like a nigga by the way she suck it
Ho, what it is?

What it is, ho? (What it is?) What's up? (What's up?)
Every good girl needs a little thug (Thug)
Every block boy needs a little love (Love)
If you put it down, I'ma pick it up, up (Ayy), up (Ayy)
What it is, ho? (What it is?) What's up? (What's up?)
Every good girl needs a little thug (Thug)
Every block boy needs a little love (Love)
If you put it down, I'ma pick it up, up (Ayy), up (Ayy)

I don't care if you run the streets
Long as you're comin' home to me
I love the way you walk and the way you speak
He gon' keep it real, that's the deal, that's the reason that I speed down, down (Down, down, down, down)
I put that all on my name (All on my name)
Yeah, that's an even exchange (Tell me what it is)
Stay on your deal, we gon' tell 'em, we gon' tell 'em what, babe

What it is, ho? (What it is?) What's up?
Every good girl needs a little thug (Needs a little thug)
Every block boy needs a little love (Needs a little love, yeah)
If you put it down, I'ma pick it up, up, up
What it is, ho? What's up?
Every good girl needs a little thug (Needs a little love)
Every block boy needs a little love (Needs a little love, thug)
If you put it down, I'ma pick it up, up (Ayy), up (Ayy)

Back it up and do, and do it like that, yeah (What it is? What's up?)
Back it up and do it like that, yeah (Ho)
Back it up, back it and do it like that, yeah
Back it up gon' and do it like that, yeah (Woo)
Hey, what it is? Hey, what's up?
J. White Did It (Yup, yup)
More is on the way (Yup, yup, yeah)
We need a lil' love, you know what I mean? (Yeah, ayy-ayy, woo)
Ride out, woah