179 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeРусскийPortuguêsRapp Snitch Knishes LyricsDOOM and Fantastik talk about how foolish it is to rap about crimes that you could be prosecuted for one day.

The song’s instrumental had previously been released in DOOM’s collection of beats, Special Herbs… Read More [Intro: Mr. Fantastik & MF DOOM]
Yo (Yo)
MF DOOM (Mr. Fantastik)
Mr. Fantastik (Villain)
What up, nigga? (Ain't nuttin', what's the word?)
What's crackin', boy? (Same ol' shit, kid)
Man, these rap snitches, man (Different day, you know?)
Shit is bugged out, man, what the fuck, man? (Shit, you tellin' me)
Niggas runnin' their mouth (It's awful)
Tellin' everything, everything (Critical)

[Chorus: Mr. Fantastik, Mr. Fantastik & MF DOOM]
Rap snitches, tellin' all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
"Do you see the perpetrator?" Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years, uh
Rap snitches, tellin' all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
"Do you see the perpetrator?" Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years, uh

[Verse 1: Mr. Fantastik]
Type profile low (Low), like A in Paid in Full
Attract heavy cash cause the game's centrifugal
Mr. Fantastic, long dough like elastic
Guard my life with twin Glocks that's made out of plastic
Can't stand a brown-nosin' nigga, fake ass bastard
Admirin' my style, tour bus through Manhattan
Plottin', plan the quickest, my flow's the sickest
My hoes be the thickest, my dro the stickiest
Street nigga, stamped and bonafide
When beef jump niggas come get me, 'cause they know I ride
True to the ski mask, New York's my origin
Play a fake gangsta like an old accordion
Accordin' to him, when the D's rushed in
Complication from the wire, testimony was thin
Caused his man to go up north, the ball hit 'em again
Lame rap snitch nigga even told on the Mexican


[Chorus: Mr. Fantastik, Mr. Fantastik & MF DOOM]
Rap snitches, tellin' all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
"Do you see the perpetrator?" Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years (Uh)
Rap snitches, tellin' all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
"Do you see the perpetrator?" Yeah, I'm right here (Right here)
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years

[Verse 2: MF DOOM]
True, there's rules to this shit, fools dare care
Everybody wanna rule the world with tears for fear
Yeah, yeah, tell 'em tell it on the mountain hill
Runnin' up they mouth bill, everybody doubtin' still
Informer, keep it up and get tested (Pop through)
Pop through your bubble vest or double-breasted
He keep a lab down south in the little beast (To New York)
So much heat you woulda thought it was the Middle East (Middle East)
A little grease always keeps the wheels a-spinnin'
Like sittin' on twenty threes to get the squealers grinnin'
Hittin' on many trees, feel real linen
Spittin' on enemies, get the steel for tin men
Where no brains but gum flap
He said his gun clap, then he fled after one slap (Pap!)
Son, shut your trap, save it for the bitches
Mm, delicious, rap snitch knishes


[Outro: Mr. Fantastik & MF DOOM]
You know'm sayin'? (It's terrible)
It's crazy, man, I'm just analyzin' this whole game
This is bugged out, man, niggas is snitchin'
Tellin' on they own self (It's a horror, yo)
Fuck around and get everybody bagged, man (Atrocities)
Fuck around and get yo mama bagged, nigga
You know your grandmama used to be bootleggin'
Fake hustlin' nigga, heheheheheheheheheh, huh, hehehehe, heh
Perpetrator? Yeah, I'm right here