85 ContributorsAll Outta Ale LyricsThis track was released on the 2002 record The Prof. Meets The Supervillain, via Nature Sounds Records.[Intro: MF DOOM, Charles Bukowski sample]
"One more beer
And I'll take you all
All of you – ahahaha..."
Banned from all bars
The man with seven scars

[Verse 1: MF DOOM]
Smack it up, flip it, pulled out, 'bout to fail
Sunday in the ATL and I'm all outta ale
Like a bat out of hell, tripped on a cat tail
Mutt drinkin' out a pail, "Who let the rat out the cell?!"
Got all the ingredients and recipe, might as well
Since last week, the bootlegger been in jail
If all else fail, inhale a L
Make it so they can't see your sale via snail mail
Mind like a sewer, servin' rhyme on a skewer
DOOM'll step to a fine dime like he knew her
"My black sister!"
She said "Step back!" before he kissed her
She did The Dipper and the smack just missed her
There go a list of politics like Henry Kissinger
99% of rap's just a friendly listener
I'm like, "These dudes must have some screws loose to hate y'all
Or a couple of ounces short of deuce-deuce or 8 Ball"
Y'all know it's time for the end when the day come
Buy a album, get rudely insulted over fake drums
Same CDs you get for free, you break 'em
Wa-alaikum, make 'em eat they food like Steak-umm
Why she wanna ask me if I could pass the paprika?
One hand on the mic, the other on the beaker
Every week or so, peek out the lab, throw "Eureka!"
A technique to keep somethin' uniquer in ya speaker
For yo' information, I didn't do the beat, y'all –
It ain't my fault, if she didn't move her feet at all
Skeeter–robbed Peter to pay Paul
So he could trick it on Mary, so she could play ball


[Chorus]
She better have my skrilla
Cut it out with all that funny hand jive, will ya?
All this trouble for a tall glass of OE
You drink it all fast it'll make you haul ass slowly
Remind me to remember what you told me
Holy moly, did you get a load of her roly-poly?
Yo, G, remind me to remember what you told me
Whoever don't feel him, feel balls like a goalie

[Verse 2]
1 for the money, 2 for the better green
3, 4 – Methylenedioxymethamphetamine
Told a knock-kneed ghetto queen, "Get the head fiend –
Tell him it's from Medellin and use oxyacetylene"
Who needs airplay? It's all just hearsay
Leave a wig like it was having a bad hair day
Lyrical 'Glide Master', ask him what's his secret
He said, "Shasta, it turns to formaldehyde faster"
When I'm home with my lady, I try to duke her daily
One night, she tried to flail me with her ukulele (Uh-oh!)
Pack ya heat, the Villain on the cover of Black Beat
With a bunch of crackers and some snack meat

[Chorus]
They better have my skrilla
Cut it out with all that funny hand jive, will ya?
All this trouble for a tall glass of OE
Drink it all fast it'll  make you haul ass slowly
Remind me to remember what you told me
Holy moly, did you get a load of her roly-poly?
Yo, G, remind me to remember what you told me...